Unincorporated Areas 2010 Approx (#141)
agrc/metadata-asset-tracking-tool: metadata/demographic/unincorporated_areas_2010_approx.md

# Title

Utah Unincorporated Areas 2010 Approx

## ID

c7c12cc8-c6c7-49d0-a994-e68531d40925

## Brief Summary

Polygon dataset of lands in Utah that are not governed by a local municipality.

## Summary

> This dataset contains polygons representing unincorporated areas in Utah as of the 2010 Census. This dataset contains boundary information only and does not contain demographics data. For more Census-derived datasets, please see the [Demographic Data Index](https://gis.utah.gov/products/sgid/demographic/) available from the SGID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset contains polygons representing unincorporated areas in Utah as of the 2010 Census. This dataset contains approximate boundaries only and does not contain demographics data. For more Census-derived datasets, please see the [Demographic Data Index](https://gis.utah.gov/products/sgid/demographic/) available from the SGID.
```
